Applications: nrf5340_audio: Updated controller (#14203)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/CHANGELOG.rst

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

Controller v17933
*****************

> There will soon be a full transition from this controller to the SoftDevice Controller.
> The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
     This controller is now :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`. Before it is removed, make sure to transition to using :ref:`softdevice_controller`.

The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:
```

Changes
=======

> * Updated to be based on ...

Author: Changes to be added.

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

Controller v17933
*****************

.. note::
     This controller is now :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`. Before it is removed, make sure to transition to using :ref:`softdevice_controller`.

> The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:
> Changes
> =======
> * Improved the robustness for the CIS bidirectional four stream scenario (two sinks and two sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:

Changes
=======

* Improved the robustness for the CIS bidirectional four stream scenario (two sinks and two sources).
```

> .. note::
>      This controller is now :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`. Before it is removed, make sure to transition to using :ref:`softdevice_controller`.
> The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:
> 
> Changes
> =======
> * Improved the robustness for CIS bidirectional four streams (two sinks and two sources) scenario.
> * Improeve the stability for switching between BIS and CIS scenario in runtime.
> * Corrected the timestamps for BIS.
> * Fixed the wrong LLID from ISO empty packets.
> * Corrected the disconnection reason for CIS.
> * Bugfixes and stability Improvements.
> * PTO not supported; sink will accept PTO=0 or PTO=1.
> * Optimize CIS setup time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
     This controller is now :ref:`deprecated <api_deprecation>`. Before it is removed, make sure to transition to using :ref:`softdevice_controller`.
 
The following changes have been introduced in the v17933 of the controller:

Changes
=======

* Improved the robustness for the CIS bidirectional four stream scenario (two sinks and two sources).
* Improved the stability for switching between the BIS and the CIS scenarios at runtime.
* Corrected the timestamps for BIS.
* Fixed the wrong Link Layer ID (LLID) from ISO empty packets.
* Corrected the disconnection reason for CIS.
* Modified handling of the missing support for pre-transmission offset (PTO). The sink will now accept ``PTO=0`` or ``PTO=1`` values and will not fail in either case.
* Optimized the CIS setup time.
* Bugfixes and stability improvements.
```
